stars, name, review
4.0 out of 5 stars, Amazon Customer, I have been wearing them non stop for a couple weeks and they are great.
4.0 out of 5 stars, walter, Like everything about the sketchers so glad u carry 14 w , so hard to find my size
5.0 out of 5 stars, S. Balachandran, I have unequal foot size its too bulky on one foot I shouldn't have ordered the wide with, Regular width would have been fine for me, Cannot regret now. Otherwise its comfy. Notable thing is its make a peculiar sound on even a slightly wet surface. Its a warning! Be careful. I like this feature.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Jim, I thought the Skechers where the easy pull on...I have another pair that works great.. Since I had a stroke few years back, lost the use of my left side, tieing your shoes not an options... I will replace shoe laces with elastic cord.. I done this with others shoes I had works ok,, Wasn't paying attention when I placed the order????
4.0 out of 5 stars, Luis De Marco, Good shoes, useful to my daily walk.
5.0 out of 5 stars 5.0 out of 5 stars, Cenk Cenk, Bought it for daily jogging, quite comfortable and well designed, hope to wear it for months, recommend it, price is very reasonable, shoes are important for me in jogging
5.0 out of 5 stars, Paula hockenberry, Purchased as a gift . Husband is pleased . Fit true to sz . They look nice and are comfortable to wear all day . I recommend purchasing .
4.0 out of 5 stars, Quinton, Good Quality comfort shoe
4.0 out of 5 stars 4.0 out of 5 stars, John Z John Z, I have owned these sneakers for just under 6 months and the seam on the side is coming undone. The insole is also slowly migrating to the front of the sneaker. Not pleased with the overall quality.
4.0 out of 5 stars, ccupp, I replaced my old Sketchers with these. I can't get them to fit well. They are just tight enough to be a nuisance even though they are the exact same size and width. Unfortunately I thought they would break in but after wearing them they didn't and I can't return them because I wore them trying to get them to break in.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Amazon Customer, I have been wearing them non stop for a couple weeks and they are great.
4.0 out of 5 stars, walter, Like everything about the sketchers so glad u carry 14 w , so hard to find my size
5.0 out of 5 stars, S. Balachandran, I have unequal foot size its too bulky on one foot I shouldn't have ordered the wide with, Regular width would have been fine for me, Cannot regret now. Otherwise its comfy. Notable thing is its make a peculiar sound on even a slightly wet surface. Its a warning! Be careful. I like this feature.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Jim, I thought the Skechers where the easy pull on...I have another pair that works great.. Since I had a stroke few years back, lost the use of my left side, tieing your shoes not an options... I will replace shoe laces with elastic cord.. I done this with others shoes I had works ok,, Wasn't paying attention when I placed the order????
4.0 out of 5 stars, Luis De Marco, Good shoes, useful to my daily walk.
5.0 out of 5 stars 5.0 out of 5 stars, Cenk Cenk, Bought it for daily jogging, quite comfortable and well designed, hope to wear it for months, recommend it, price is very reasonable, shoes are important for me in jogging
5.0 out of 5 stars, Paula hockenberry, Purchased as a gift . Husband is pleased . Fit true to sz . They look nice and are comfortable to wear all day . I recommend purchasing .
4.0 out of 5 stars, Quinton, Good Quality comfort shoe
4.0 out of 5 stars 4.0 out of 5 stars, John Z John Z, I have owned these sneakers for just under 6 months and the seam on the side is coming undone. The insole is also slowly migrating to the front of the sneaker. Not pleased with the overall quality.
4.0 out of 5 stars, ccupp, I replaced my old Sketchers with these. I can't get them to fit well. They are just tight enough to be a nuisance even though they are the exact same size and width. Unfortunately I thought they would break in but after wearing them they didn't and I can't return them because I wore them trying to get them to break in.
3.0 out of 5 stars, Bob S., I'm a senior citizen that bought these to wear daily for just walking around. After 7 months the stitching around the toe is unraveling and the front of the shoe has now began to separate from the sole. This will be my first and last pair of Skechers.
3.0 out of 5 stars, James R Hood, Memory foam does not last
1.0 out of 5 stars 1.0 out of 5 stars, Jason J Krus Jason J Krus, Bought these new Feb 7, 2024 for our 14 year old son, a month later the soles are all torn. Asked to return, Amazon forwarded me to Sketchers for replacement. Still waiting to hear back. This is the 2nd pair of these we bought and the same thing happened to the other pair and the sides tore out as well. We threw in the trash. If Sketchers is going to sell wide shoes, manufacturer with a quality in sole. These are poor poor quality.
2.0 out of 5 stars, Greg, The fit and feel of the shoe is uncomfortable. I should have returned them. To late now, my fault.
2.0 out of 5 stars, David J Benson, Heavy, insoles didn’t last long, and soles separated from shoe after 2 months.
2.0 out of 5 stars 2.0 out of 5 stars, mike mike, I purchased this pair almost 2 months ago. And this happened… not worth it! I won’t buy sketchers again.
2.0 out of 5 stars, Christopher P, Terrible lamination of the memory foam with hard edges poking up into me feet and the mold for the soles are deformed. These shoes are either factory seconds or quality control needs to find a new job...
3.0 out of 5 stars, Randy, My first order I received the correct shoe and it is great. No problem with the product. Unfortunately, I have received the wrong shoe in the wrong size 3 times after trying to get an extra pair. My order was correct, but received the wrong style and size three times. I give up. The good news is the returns went well.
2.0 out of 5 stars, Phil Lopez, Afyer wearing this shoes for a while my little toes on both feet star to hurt. I should have purchased a wider shoe.
1.0 out of 5 stars, evelyn, After just one month these shoes fell apart on my husband. We bought this brand many times and they usually would last him maybe 4 to 6 months maybe. I don't know what they're doing they're definitely not making him like they used to this will be the last pair that I buy for him. One month that's it and they're done
5.0 out of 5 stars, Twin, I bought these for my husband and he found them to be very comfortable. They fit perfectly. He’s Size 9 and the shoe is a true fit.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Debra L. McCullough, I forgot to order a wide one but it works ok for my friend.
4.0 out of 5 stars, 1 Sweet Ol Bear, I was expecting ... well the last pair was near archless, these fit well (10.5 wide) support is good, far better than I got in another brand., Time will be the true test for me, last pair lasted 3 years of once a week activity. I am retiring my running shoes for walking and these fit and feel better than other brand in the same price range.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Tina Rothrock, These sketchers are a gift to my brother. They are good support for back and knees
5.0 out of 5 stars, John_Kimmble, I’m on my feet all day, and these shoes are very comfortable. Good quality and are durable.
4.0 out of 5 stars, floridasaint, A little heavy and stiff but protective and comfortable.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Average Joe, I love these shoes, I can walk or stand for hours no problem in these.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Thomas Yadao, I've always liked Sketchers and this did not disappoint. Looks great, feels great.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Amazon Customer, Have a fused ankle and neuropathy. Must have high quality shoes. The first pair looked, fit and felt so comfortable, I got a second pair to wear for outdoor work.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Dragon_of_tragedy, These shoes are comfortable and good quality.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Robert Grossnickle, This is the second pair I have bought. Had a deferct in the insole of one shoe. Replacement was not a problem but still waiting for them. Original two day shipping. 10 day wait for replacement.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Rosmel Cedeño, Un aspecto que resalta es la comodidad y la talla es correcta.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Geoffrey, A bit too stiff for my liking. More like a hiking boot.
4.0 out of 5 stars, BUD, Very comfortable and well built.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Howard L., I've developed foot neuropathy in my old age, and walking is painful barefooted or in most shoes. These Skechers are engineered to provide maximum comfort. So glad I finally tried them.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Charles F Koscenski, This items is a pretty good shoe to wear as a casual sneaker. The comfort level is about the average level for a skechers sneaker. It is very comfortable however the durability and resiliency is about average for a sneaker. It's comfortable and lasts pretty good, but don't expect big things from this.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Thomas family, Very good as described. Comfortable
5.0 out of 5 stars, Frederick R. Sumrall, I like the sturdiness of the shoes, and the support.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Don Arnold, Very easy to order and good selection to choose from
5.0 out of 5 stars, Bill Murar, These were the first "better" brand of running shoes that I have owned. After averaging aver 5 miles per day since purchasing them, my feet are comfortable, no shin splints, etc. I'm very pleased with them.
5.0 out of 5 stars, sudhs, Been wearing these for past 1.5 yrs. Fantastic shoe. Very comfortable. I got a 10.5 WIDE size that fits me really well. The only thing they should improve is to increase the lace length a bit more for the wide size. Current lace size is quite small and it becomes difficult to tie the last eye of the knot.
5.0 out of 5 stars, hawaiiprof, Great fit, comfortable for walking and can't beat the quality and price
4.0 out of 5 stars, Amazon Customer, I wanted to leave a review for these shoes specifically because Amazon has a habit of throwing old reviews at the buyer rather than more recent ones. There aren't many with a fair critique, or they resort to "omg it sucks/rocks". So, here we go. After years of using TredSafe shoes due to just not having the money to afford fancy-shmancy, I bit the bullet on these shoes figuring I could at least default to other shoes if they didn't work out. Also, a lot of reviews complained on durability and such, but they were recommended, so I went for it. Durability: Uhhhh, folks must have run over their pairs with a lawn mower to get them wrecked like they were, because wow have mine been accidentally kicked into and scraped by a LOT of old metal equipment and hardware with basically no damage. Really, the only damage was a screw I somehow stepped on, drilling a hole into the bottom. I mean, it didn't poke my foot, so no harm done. Comfort: Okay, so memory foam is a big "your mileage may vary" situation, but generally the foam is pretty okay in these shoes. Seeing as I run around a lot more at my new job than I did my old one, these do pretty good at cushioning my 13W feet. Then again, I am also a tall dude, so the memory foam cushioning may not be as effective for me. It hasn't been long enough to really wear it out either, but again, your mileage may vary. Also depends on whether you really understand memory foam, which I kind of don't. I might be totally off-base. But anyways. Even without that, the general feel and support of the shoe is good. The fact that my heels basically never hurt after eight-hour shifts when they would tend to hurt in the old, cheap TredSafe shoes is a pretty good testament to that fact. The fit: It fits...? I mean, 13W feet, I bought 13W. It fit pretty much as expected. The only minor complaint I can make is more a special case: there isn't a lot of room for inserts. See, I'm weird and have a tendency to put more pressure on the front of my feet than the heel, and not a shoe can be found at reasonable price for someone weird like me. I'd like to be able to fit some front support into the shoes to counter that, but there's just not enough room. Maybe once I wear out the memory foam, but otherwise... Well, that's a "me" thing. If you walk like a normal person rather than like I did as a kid to catch late-night TV without being caught, then you should be okay. Other stuff: One other minor complaint is just a typical sneaker issue but a bit worse. When the bottoms of the shoes get wet, walking on any kind of hard floor gives off an obnoxious squeaking sound. I don't mean like "basketball court" squeaking. I mean like "twisting leather" squeaking. To be fair... They're sneakers. They'll make noise like that, but it's usually not that annoying. They do dry out pretty quick so long as you don't keep getting them wet, so it doesn't last particularly long. So... Four stars? Yeah. They're pretty good overall, and they sure do take a beating. I keep expecting something I do to rip it open, but there isn't a single tear or crack anywhere (besides the hole from the screw). Main problem is just memory foam getting in the way of using inserts, lack of front foot support for those like yours truly, and the obnoxious wet squeak. Still a solid shoe, though. Worth the money. Update: 07/22/2023 Just bought a second pair because the pair I use finally showed signs of serious wear, which is pretty impressive since I've used these shoes for almost everything from job work to yard work. They have had their soles handed to them regularly and only just now started actually falling apart in any measure. They aren't dead just yet, but the shoes were on a good sale so I bought pair two ahead of time. I did end up wearing out the memory foam rather quick (but I also walk weird, so once again your mileage may vary) but pulling them out to replace with new inserts was really easy, so it was a simple swap-out. I will say it's best to just swap for more memory foam since other "support" inserts didn't help just because of the shoe's own support. So yeah, running back in to say you REALLY have to try to destroy these shoes to make them fall apart: for having lasted 3 years of me, they've done a very good job staying together. They're still comfortable, pretty good support, and make the annoying leather-twisting noise when wet, but I definitely think they're worth the price, sale or not.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Brad Macdonald, I've waited to hike over 10 miles in these before reviewing. Firstly, they are noticeably easier to put on and take off than my old Avias. The soles are heavy and rugged and the memory foam shapes to your foot after a few miles and holds that basic shape. They look pretty good too. Skechers seem to me to run a little on the wide side so if you have a narrow foot, you might feel like they're a tad loose. Like any new show, you need to break them in before they begin to feel comfy. I expect these to last a long time. They seem very well made. I sort of wish I'd gone with the brown color over the gray but it's a minor thing.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Amazon Customer, Looks good and is comfortable. Seems very sturdy so far
5.0 out of 5 stars, Bruce P. Douglass, I normally hand down my running shoes to become my walking-around shoes (WASs) but I found myself needing a pair of WASs because my running shoes weren't ready to be downgraded. Running shoes are expensive, and I usually drop $120-$150 for a pair, so I was looking for an inexpensive, decent shoe that I could use for this purpose. These Sketchers are great. At less than $50, they are very good. The construction seems robust and they are quite comfortable. I needed a larger shoe (size 14) and I wanted black. These fit the bill. I'm not sure I would run long distance in them, but for my needs, these are perfect.
5.0 out of 5 stars, Randy, These were a great price! Love the memory foam insoles! Built to last.
4.0 out of 5 stars, Wisconsin Buyer, I really like how these looked, they fit pretty good but the foam cushion is pretty lack luster and likely won't last long.
5.0 out of 5 stars 5.0 out of 5 stars, Mhan Mhan, Update 3/10/2024 Skechers came through. As stated below, I contacted Skechers via DM on both Instagram and X. They got back to me quickly on both platforms and pointed me to help at Skechers. I jumped through the required hoops, which included shipping them the shoes to evaluate, and they sent me an even better pair, the 2.0 version which I received yesterday. So far so good and hopefully no further updates are needed. ------------------------ Update 2/28/2024) - I was just a few days past the Amazon return date, so I contacted Skechers via Instagram and X and am currently working with them, hopefully getting the shoes replaced. I’ll update again once completed. ———————————————- Original review: I was really liking these for affordable nice comfortable shoes to do everything in but after one month of very light use one of the eyelets for the laces ripped out this morning. Eyelets on shoes need to be really strong since you’re always pulling the laces against them. They need to be super rugged like a zipper in your jeans. The eyelets pulling out, make them useless, and I don’t understand how this made it through a design review since it’s a very big weakness and a huge flaw. Shoelace eyelets need to be super rugged. I was loving them up until now but it’s been over one month and the return possibility on Amazon closed like two days ago
5.0 out of 5 stars, Festus Rufus, I damaged the soft tissue in my right heel while using an old shovel without a frog. That’s the lip on top. Went to my primary doctor, explained what I had done. She explained that the same thing happened to her. Pain never went away for several weeks. Went to a podiatrist explained her issue. The podiatrist looked at x-ray, then gave her an injection to the area of foot. After a week pain in foot was gone. I did the same & saw a podiatrist. Your is not healing because of your terrible flat feet. You need a different shoe to help the situation. He named 3 brands of shoes costing $500. dollars a pair. No way! What are the characteristics of these shoes. Of coarse they must have great arch for your foot. Fairly sturdy shape with soft insole. OK I will find a pair that meets these specifications. I have had foot troubles all my life & already knew the shoes that worked for me. This pair by Shechers work great for me!
